what is going on everybody my name is
jakes welcome back to another episode of
my path to power before we get started
I've got two things first of all if you
guys are looking at purchase fifa
ultimate team coins check out fut coins
emporium they're cheap quick and
reliable their link is in the
description down below second if I sound
a little bit different that is because I
am on my old old old like mini little
desktop Mike that I used right when i
was starting off on youtube so it's a
lot lesser quality than what i have at
home but it is very very portable and
travels easy so that is what i have as i
do this commentary from my hotel room in
portland oregon we're getting things
started though and i am using my silver
french ligue outside all this gameplay
taken before I left town though so
you're not going to see many changes to
the squad nice little cross in there
gives us an early goal from Lou Emma and
I wish I hope he gets another informed
one because his name is so fun to say
and to her not another inform and inform
in general and to because he's just a
really really well-rounded player
there's not one thing that he does
poorly and he also has decent free-kick
stats as well so he's my main free kick
taker on this team even though he's not
a standout or a stellar free kick taker
um get another passing move started
right here and it's similar to the last
one I'm kind of waiting patiently trying
to find the chance and it's MVM began
getting free can't finish the shot off
but the rebound goes right to my left
mid Cissokho now I had a bunch of people
tweet me recently and say japes do you
know what this patch is all about on
FIFA that's come out and I haven't
turned my xbox on in a few days now so I
didn't even know that there was a patch
but I asked around a little bit and it
seems that it's for laggy menus and
maybe a little bit of career mode stuff
I don't think it's really a patch
affecting ultimate team that much so
it's not something that I'm gonna be
worrying about directly at least not
right away he gets a goal back here
they're really really frustrating I
thought I did well to do the acrobatic
clearance and to do the acrobatic
clearance which is it's far too reliable
this year on FIFA that little bicycle
kick clearance your player makes contact
with it every time and no matter the
situation no matter the players agility
you can almost always get away with
to do it you just hit left trigger and
then hit B and they will go for that
bicycle kick clearance almost always if
a player's thrown an over-the-top
through ball you can also go with that
clearance and it generally does a pretty
good job of it he managed to get one
more back here that is completely my
fault when I saw there was beer biani I
decided that he probably was not going
to try to shoot with Bab on because he's
more of a pace set up player in my mind
we're an extra time I take him down in
the box and I'm like I'm gonna have one
chance to save this for the game and
then I'm gonna have to go back and score
if I manage arif I can't do a Kurt zouma
but it's okay the game freezes so I
guess that's FIFA's way of telling me
that I was going to take a loss
regardless and you know have to restart
my xbox which is brilliant we could load
back in them get that nice little dnf
did not finish action in there and have
to go back into the movember cup and
when i get man i might have to until I
managed to win this tournament I might
have to just keep growing my mustache
out which gets to be very very dirty
looking given too much time but we're
going back and gonna try to win this and
come up against this guy's it's a really
really nice BP outside now I don't think
having Santi Cazorla as your center mid
of three center mids in a 4312 is the
best option generally speaking I like to
have a defensive-minded player in that
position because otherwise it leaves
your back for far too exposed lovely
work here from my attack rebound falls
to the in-form loop gotcha Guarini and
managed to put that one away in the
fifth minute Chickering any very
well-rounded central midfield player he
does just about everything well he's not
overly Pacey the engine trade or engine
chemistry style might be very very good
on him and it's something that I'm gonna
have to test out a little bit more
Giuseppe Rossi little attempt the left
foot I a little bit further along in
this match and it's well it's actually
way further along we're an extra time it
went 1-1 in regular time and then an
extra time it's big Christian benteke
nodding home in the 96 minute it was
that was a goal that was coming I took a
load of corners in this match and
benteke finally managed to make the most
one hour just before
the half or the extra time interval
Mousa Dembele a lovely overlap clinical
finish right by the onrushing keeper and
100 and forth minute to give me a
two-goal lead in extra time and at this
point I felt like the match was
definitely going to be over I had done
what I needed to to manage to pull out
aw in this game and that is indeed how
it will end three two one the final
score in this one I'm not i wish i had
left those stats up longer and i'll do a
better job about trying to leave the end
match stats on the screen because i
think it gives you a better idea of
exactly how the match played out because
i don't show all the chances i just show
goals that's kind of always been my
style so if you guys want to see more
chances at some point though it's
something that i'd gladly incorporate
for but for the most part you guys are
like now we'll just see the goals i'm
happy with that so we're heading back
into another another match and this is
this was just kind of one of those days
with EA where I was just like I don't
know about this so this guy liga
portugais decide pretty decent team and
this happens right away 39th minute I go
I switched the free kick taker Giuseppe
Rossi and the game freezes right here
now this was a different kind of freeze
because you I could move my play around
look around I try to pause the game and
say I wouldn't have possession he was
still moving around it was really really
weird but nothing would happen I
couldn't take the free-kick he just ran
around in a circle a bunch of times and
I thought there's no way I'm giving up
this this win especially after having
disconnected from the first one I'm
gonna wait this one out and I waited
long enough and he ended up quitting out
so not another free loss i guess kind of
a free win in that sense anyways guys
that is how we're going to come to a
close of this episode i uploaded a vlog
yesterday so be sure to check that out
as you're watching this I will be
traveling to new york city so i'll be
vlogging from there as well so be sure
to check that out over the weekend thank
you guys for watching my name is James
and I will catch you all next time